About Dataset
This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.

Fields include

Rank - Ranking of overall sales

Name - The games name

Platform - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.)

Year - Year of the game's release

Genre - Genre of the game

Publisher - Publisher of the game

NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions)

EU_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions)

JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions)

Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)

Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales.

The script to scrape the data is available at https://github.com/GregorUT/vgchartzScrape.
It is based on BeautifulSoup using Python.
There are 16,598 records. 2 records were dropped due to incomplete information.

**Video Games Sales 2019**
About Dataset
This dataset contains a list of video games with sales, critic and users score.
There are 55,792 records in the dataset as of April 12th, 2019. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.

The script to scrape the data is available at https://github.com/ashaheedq/vgchartzScrape. The script is based on BeautifulSoup using Python.

This a continue work on this original dataset:
https://www.kaggle.com/gregorut/videogamesales

Fields include:

Rank - Ranking of overall sales
Name - Name of the game
Platform - Platform of the game (i.e. PC, PS4, XOne, etc.)
Genre - Genre of the game
ESRB Rating - ESRB Rating of the game
Publisher - Publisher of the game
Developer - Developer of the game
Critic Score - Critic score of the game from 10
User Score - Users score the game from 10
Total Shipped - Total shipped copies of the game
Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales (in millions)
NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions)
PAL_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions)
JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions)
Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)
Year - Year of release of the game

**Video Game Sales 2020**
About Dataset
This contains all titles that are available on the vgchartz website with the following fields:

img = the uri for the box art at vgchartz.com
title = the title
console = the console
genre = the genre
publisher = the publisher
developer = the developer
vg_score = the vgchartz critical score (out of 10)
critic_score = the metacritic score (out of 10)
user_score = the users score (out of 10)
total_shipped = the total number shipped in millions
total_sales = the global sales in millions
na_sales = the North American sales in millions
jp_sales = the Japanese sales in millions
pal_sales = the PAL sales in millions
other_sales = Other sales in millions
release_date = the release date
last_update = the last date that the data in the row was updated

This project was inspired by, and is quite similar to, user ashaheedg's data pull, but contains a bit more fields for each title (including the precise release date) and is up to date as of June 23, 2020. The code used to pull this information can be found here.

It was pulled using scrapy and takes my machine approximately 6.5 minutes to pull all available data. Read more about how I scraped the data on my github.

WARNING: Any games with release dates on December 31, 2020 or January 1, 2020 seem to be false. They appear to have been entered as some sort of placeholder for certain games. I plan to clean this up--and it shouldn't take too long--but it is definitely incorrect.

**Video Game Sales 2024**
About Dataset
This dataset is a continuation of @baynebrannen's 2020 Video Game Sales dataset and @ashaheedq's 2019 Video Games Sales dataset.

Creation of this dataset was inspired by @VinceTheCat02.

Data was collected by running the spider written by @baynebrannen to create his version of the dataset.

I haven't made any major modification to the collection methodology or the dataset structure.
I have removed a few unhelpful columns such as 'vg_score', 'user_score', and 'total_shipped' as these columns mostly contained null values.
All the other columns remain the same.

